feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/t/mode` (#3913)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/t/mode/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/t/mode.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_t_mode( v )

> Evaluates the mode for a Student's t-distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the [mode][mode] of a [Student's t][t-distribution] distribution with degrees of freedom `v`.
```

```c
double out = stdlib_base_dists_t_mode( 5.0 );
// returns 0.0
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

> -   **v**: `[in] double` input value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **v**: `[in] double` degrees of freedom.
```
